This is a partial copy of the Rmath library that is part of R.

The API has been modified for the random number generators. These now
take, as argument, a pointer to an opaque struct JRNG which
encapsulates the state of the random number generator.

The file callbacks.cc is a C++ source file that translates the
functions unif_rand, norm_rand and exp_rand into member function calls
for the struct JRNG.

The current version is based on R 3.1.2 patched (revision r67885).
The original intention was to make as few changes as possible in order
to make it easier to synchronise the library with R. Nevertheless, a
number of other changes have been made:

The header file Rmath.h has been renamed JRmath.h. Parts of the header
that are not included when R_MATH_STANDALONE is undefined have been
removed.

We assume that the C library provides both expm1 and log1p, and that
log1p is working correctly, rather than testing during configuration
and providing drop-in replacements as the R math library does. This is
mainly done to simplify the configuration (e.g. no need to derive
JRmath.h from JRmath.h.in). If a C library in 2015 does not conform to
the C99 standard then there is not much hope for that platform.

All functions are remapped with prefix "jags_". This is unlike the
R math library which remaps to "Rf_" internally and does no remapping
when built as a standalone library.

Due to the remapping, there is a namespace clash with the function
"df".  This is therefore renamed to dF. Similarly pf, qf, rf, are
renamed pF, qF, rF respectively.

In the private header file "nmath.h" we defined F77_CALL, which is
defined in the file R_exts/RS.h in the R sources.

The source file toms708.c must be compiled with the flat -std=c99.
This is added to the Makefile variable libjrmath_la_CFLAGS.
